Debug and fix the existing node background color and border color system. Do not add new color controls.

The Background Color and Border Color controls already exist, but changing them does not visually update the node.

I need you to inspect the current implementation and fix the data flow from the color picker to the rendered node.

Requirements:

* Keep the existing color picker UI.
* When I change Background Color, the selected node’s visible background must update immediately.
* When I change Border Color, the selected node’s visible border must update immediately.
* The values must be stored on the individual node itself, not only in temporary component state.
* Make sure the rendered custom node component actually reads those saved values.
* If React Flow is being used, update the selected node through the main React Flow nodes state using the node ID.
* Preserve all other node data when updating colors.
* Do not recreate the node or assign a new node ID when changing style.
* Do not apply the color globally to all nodes.
* Do not hard-code CSS background or border styles that override the selected values.

Check specifically for CSS conflicts.

Inspect whether classes such as bg-*, border-*, inline styles, Tailwind classes, or default React Flow styles are overriding the user-selected colors.

The final rendered node should use the saved node values as the source of truth, for example conceptually:

backgroundColor = node.data.backgroundColor

borderColor = node.data.borderColor

and the border style must actually exist, for example:

border: 2px solid selectedBorderColor

If the current node component uses inline styles and CSS classes together, make sure the classes do not override the custom colors.

Persistence requirement:

Save backgroundColor and borderColor with each node in the map data so they persist after refresh and reopening the map.

Test before finishing:

1. Create three nodes.
2. Set different background colors on all three.
3. Set different border colors on all three.
4. Confirm the changes appear immediately.
5. Move the nodes.
6. Select other nodes.
7. Refresh the browser.
8. Reopen the map.
9. Confirm every node still has its correct background and border color.

If the test fails, continue debugging until it works.

Do not redesign the node panel or change unrelated features.
